hey this is Anthony we can watch decide
and ride welcome to our detailed
breakdown a lady whose style Martine
Chester riding shoes avail but
revzilla.com C rated and one of the
newer riding shoes we've seen in a sea
of riding shoes for the last couple
years we've seen a lot of manufacturers
go for this riding sneaker we haven't
seen a ton that we've loved we actually
really like the direction the style
Martine is going with this because they
have their own unique spin on it if we
look at it black only there's also a
women's version as well the same shoe
here in the Chester but it's CE e rate
it there's great protection and this
distressed almost pebbled black leather
really has a nice touch to it you're
also going to notice my favorite thing
about this boot is really the line of it
it has a slimmer toe box it actually has
this angle in this notch cutaway along
the Achilles in the back what that's
going to allow you to do is have better
functionality and comfort while you're
on the bike but the style this boot
carries a little bit of that Chuck
Taylor with it without it being overly
motorcycles so again it's a great blend
I think the style on the style martine
chester is really the piece that carries
it for me knowing you're making a little
bit more of a premium investment here at
just over that $200 mark i also say it
feels beefier compared to some of the
other riding sneakers i seen some of
them are extremely lightweight i would
say that this is going to be a medium
weight has a nice beefy sole it's going
to be really a sneaker style sole again
comfortable enough to walk around in all
day i'm going to give it a 5 or 6 on the
scale but again it feels protective
enough it does not feel like you're
wearing a sneaker it feels like you're
wearing a riding shoe and they've worked
in a lot of motorcycle functionality to
this boot as well coupled with that seee
rating again toe protection
you're going to have malleolus
protection medial and lateral side both
on the inside and outside that is baked
in and then a nice big heel cockpit as
well that's stiffer than you might
expect now from a fit standpoint it's
going to be that standard style Marteen
fit not having any issues with it use
the size chart shop accordingly and
remember if you're concerned about fit
we're going to ship for free over 39
bucks i'd also love it if you click our
logo subscribe to us at RevZilla TV on
our youtube channel leave me your
comments or questions your feedback on
the new chester now diving into some of
the nuances here on the chester we
talked about the protection scheme which
jumped out at me I like on the toe how
they've given you that additional panel
which is going to interface with the
controls on your bike you know mainly on
your
left shoe but they did it without
putting a big TPU there they just use a
secondary level of full grain leather
with a dual stitch to make sure it stays
intact as you work your way up to the
laces notice they are distressed their
pre distressed laces but notice the
eyelets here the eyelets are going to be
done in stainless and they're going to
work their way up and what I haven't
explained to you yet is that this is a
waterproof boot so you have a waterproof
breathable liner that goes all the way
to here and stops at that fifth eyelet
that's a nice touch again you're getting
a fourth season out of this boot you get
stuck in the rain you're going to be
good to go if we work our way up it's a
nice high boot and notice the tongue
goes all the way up so you do have some
options here and if we spin it towards
the back you're going to get a pop of
reflectivity again just being thoughtful
from a motorcycle safety and functional
standpoint so all in this is the riding
shoe from style Marteen remember they're
handmade in Italy using premium
materials it's going to be heavier
weight than a lot of the other riding
shoes in the market I love the fact that
it's waterproof just giving that extra
range of functionality the next step in
your journey is that click right here
read other rider reviews of the new
style martine chester boot for men and
women at revzilla.com you don't have to
take my word for it as always we're
going to ship for free over 39 bucks and
we want to talk to a gear geek see us at
revzilla.com rates of inseminate 2 9 4 5
5 thanks for watching our detailed
breakdown remember subscribe to be on
the youtubes I'm Anthony we'll see you
next time
you